fix skip_leading_rows bug (#45)
phillymedia/vestapol: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Added support for deeply nested manual schemans in `gcp_destination`.

## [0.0.18] - 2022-10-24

### Fixed

> - Fixed a bug where the `skip_lead_rows` parameter in  `csv_reosource` was not being passed to the base class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the `skip_leading_rows` parameter in  `csv_resource` was not being passed to the base class.
```
